hello this is Larry temples with the
updates for Pokemon fall 89 this is my
first update I am not part of any
company or anything but I'm just doing
this for a little research on a video
game by having a big criticize of fit
over it's actually called skylanders
spyro's adventure and what I've read
about and all this other stuff I'm real
surprised about so I'm I'm gonna get
right down to it okay the first thing I
found out was that the main story was
made by Alec and Joel who were working
on exercise originals Toy Story film and
I guess it's the reason why they did
this thing with the video games possibly
and makes a lot of sense in that was
particular area that you know in the
game the toys come to life in the game
Toy Story had that same similarity and
people who are working on an
in-development are working on that
particular reason as well so that's one
thing I another thing and this is pretty
cool I've actually looking at a pic
right now of dark spyro it actually
looks like the power in the game itself
as well its colors changed where it's
good it is actually black and yellow and
orange parts are white it's actually a
sweet little thing the thing about this
figurine is that it's only capable of
getting in the 3ds version um but I will
tell you something a big news about some
about how to get this figure in other
ways a little bit just give me some time
but right now I got to go to my third
information that I found out i'm looking
at a information here on from the tender
world report com they're explaining that
this game is clever and looks promising
the reason why i guess this is the first
ever 20 based video game in the history
of el video games that actually allows
you to use the toys on to
play on the video game and I found out
that I also it's um it's a plastic
device that allows you to bring
specifically specified designs of the
toys into the world producing characters
that gain level experience and items and
all those things that will be saved to
the toy as far as if you want to start
over the game or any SF I think the toys
will do that automatically as long as
the files up not for sure we'll wait for
more information about that and maybe
i'll have another information about the
game as well in the future before it's
out in release so that's that one the
fourth one I found out is a collectible
it's a collectible but the funny thing
is that not only are the featuring toys
but they are also featuring on
collectible cards that will also be sold
separately while synchronizing the game
to be used in to unlock cars and items
and all stuff think of it like a trading
card maybe it might be a trading card
sort of thing I don't know it could be
just this could be cards that you can
scan or they have some kind of code on
where you can download into the game
other than that not for sure so that's
about all I found on the web sites there
is one more information I do have for
you all I have looked in a magazine that
I recently got today called um game
informer and for a lot of you like to
put pokemon um they have a player versus
player thing on there where they will
allow to allow us to use the reins to
challenge with our up with other players
like Stadium and all that stuff where
the toys are meant for battle another
pic or if you don't feel like battling
another player you know like wirelessly
over internet or any of the stuff um you
could do co-op which allows to picked to
play the same game at the same time
other than that um that's all I found
out hopefully that will change your
minds about the game and to tell you
truth I first off when I heard
skylanders and I
people say how bad or was I admit it was
a little bit bad to me but why not a
sparrow and you know how he I thought
about what he looked like 15 dawn of the
dragon and the actual new skylanders I'm
actually amazed that the Skylanders
spiral looks a little bit more better
than I thought it would when it came to
dawn to the dragon but it's a big of a
scarf and as I am I haven't played
daunted the dragon but although i have
seen a friend play it um that's about
all i could say but anyway i'm still
working on some spill i'm still working
on some sprout games hopefully i'll get
the skyliners game sometime and brave
you guys who actually are looking
forward to the game on the game I heard
will be released on September 27 2011
that was on gamestop for xbox 360 wii
3ds position three just about all the
council's that are coming out there will
be coming out on sep tember 27 2011 this
fall so hopefully i'm looking forward to
it and i'm hoping they looking forward
to more updates on any games i might
like that you might like I don't care
enjoy the rest of my time with the other
versus the videos and please comment
nicely because I really like to hear
some nice comments on what you guys
think if you can't think of anything
nice to say just try to try to come up
with just a little bit politeness but
like what do you think you know what was
it good you know that stuff and and and
i like to hear from you soon so thank
you for listening to this video and i
will see you soon thank you